chore(curriculum): add responsive piano workshop (#56734)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-piano/612eb7ca8c275d5f89c73333.md

---
id: 612eb7ca8c275d5f89c73333
title: Step 22
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-22
---

# --description--

> To smooth the sharp edges of the piano and keys, start by giving the `#piano` a `border-radius` of `10px`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To soften the sharp edges of the piano and its keys, start by giving the `#piano` a `border-radius` of `10px`.
```
